feat(sqla_factory): added __set_association_proxy__ attribute (#629)
litestar-org/polyfactory: docs/usage/library_factories/sqlalchemy_factory.rst

.. note::
    The examples here require SQLAlchemy 2 to be installed. The factory itself supports both 1.4 and 2.

Configuration
-------------

SQLAlchemyFactory allows to override some configuration attributes so that a described factory can use a behavior from SQLAlchemy ORM such as `relationship() <https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/20/orm/relationship_api.html#sqlalchemy.orm.relationship>`_ or `Association Proxy <https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/20/orm/extensions/associationproxy.html#module-sqlalchemy.ext.associationproxy>`_.

Relationship
++++++++++++

> By default, ``__set_relationships__`` is set to ``False``. If it is ``True``, all fields with the SQLAlchemy `relationship() <relationship()_>`_ will be included in the resulting mock dictionary created by ``build`` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, ``__set_relationships__`` is set to ``False``. If it is ``True``, all fields with the SQLAlchemy `relationship() <relationship()_>`_ will be included in the result created by ``build`` method.
```

.. literalinclude:: /examples/library_factories/sqlalchemy_factory/test_example_2.py
    :caption: Setting relationships
    :language: python

.. note::

>     In general, ForeignKey fields are automatically generated by ``build`` method because :class:`__set_foreign_keys__ <polyfactory.factories.sqlalchemy_factory.SQLAlchemyFactory.__set_foreign_keys__>` is set to ``True`` by default. But their values can be overwritten by using ``create_sync``/ ``create_async`` methods, so SQLAlchemy ORM creates them.

Reviewer: Is the last sentence correct always? Would that only be the case if a relationship is present?
